Private Offer Updates.md (#897)
demisto/content-docs: docs/partners/premium-packs-process.md

## 2. Complete Vendor Onboarding

In order for us to pay the revenue share, publishers of premium packs must complete Palo Alto Networks vendor onboarding. This process is straightforward and begins by completing a form and then you can expect communications with our Onboarding team via email and our secure portal. 

## 3. Create Private Repository

Premium packs are not stored in the XSOAR open source repository but instead in the publisher's own, private GitHub repo. We'll help you [set it up](/docs/packs/premium_packs). 

## 4. Build Premium Pack(s)

Build the content for the premium packs. Customers can subscribe to Premium Packs on a monthly basis or through [Private Offer](https://xsoar.pan.dev/private-offer). 

- If you're submitting a premium content pack, add the dashboards, playbooks, etc. as you would normally. Revisit the [Contributor Guidlines](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/contributing/contributing#contributor-guidelines) if needed.
- If you're submitting a premium resell pack, the pack is mostly empty except for some basic metadata files.

Either way, we'll work with you to define, scope and guide you through the process.

> To update your Premium Pack to be available through Private Offer, please follow these [steps](https://xsoar.pan.dev/request-private-offer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update your Premium Pack to be available through Private Offer, please follow these [steps](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/partners/private-offer#private-offer-listing-designation-steps).

```

---
id: premium-packs-process
title: Premium Packs Process
---

The process for submitting a premium pack on XSOAR differs slightly from that of a free pack but our <a href="mailto:soar.alliances@paloaltonetworks.com">Partner Success Team</a> will help you through the whole way.

## 1. Sign the Terms & Conditions Document

All publishers who wish to contribute a premium pack on Marketplace must sign a 2pg terms and conditions document that defines a few additional terms to the Technology Partner Agreement (TPA) including taxes, invoicing, revenue share, etc. It will be executed via DocuSign and we do not accept redlines. 

## 2. Complete Vendor Onboarding

In order for us to pay the revenue share, publishers of premium packs must complete Palo Alto Networks vendor onboarding. This process is straightforward and begins by completing a form and then you can expect communications with our Onboarding team via email and our secure portal. 

## 3. Create Private Repository

Premium packs are not stored in the XSOAR open source repository but instead in the publisher's own, private GitHub repo. We'll help you [set it up](/docs/packs/premium_packs). 

## 4. Build Premium Pack(s)

> Build the content for the premium packs. Customers can subscribe to Premium Packs on a monthly basis or through [Private Offer](https://xsoar.pan.dev/private-offer). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build the content for the premium packs. Customers can subscribe to Premium Packs on a monthly basis or through [Private Offer](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/partners/private-offer). 

```
